add(tools): gimli tailwind (#556)
aniftyco/awesome-tailwindcss: README.md

- 💼 [Tailiscope.nvim](https://github.com/danielvolchek/tailiscope.nvim) - Tailwind CSS cheat sheet integrated in Neovim.
- 💼 [Raycast Extension](https://www.raycast.com/vimtor/tailwindcss) - Search classes, documentation and colors in Raycast Launcher.
- 💼 [DivMagic](https://divmagic.com) - Copy any web element and style as Tailwind CSS component.

> - 💼 [Gimli Tailwind](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/gimli-tailwind/fojckembkmaoehhmkiomebhkcengcljl) - A DevTools extension enabling smart tools for Tailwind CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 💼 [Gimli Tailwind](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/gimli-tailwind/fojckembkmaoehhmkiomebhkcengcljl) - Smart tools for Tailwind CSS as a browser extension.
```
